welcome to play money table I'm just
going to show you what it's like to
donate a table straight up and down Oh
usually I'm he would knock see just
don't hang on the table milking
everyone's chips everyone's leaving so
I'm heads up with this joker sir Gabe I
probably give you 20 seconds till I've
got a thousands of chips I've got how
many chips who I got I've lost count see
what it says oh what's that half million
chips oh yeah I've got a bankroll for
life what can i say i'm pretty loaded
I'm 92 i have to raise the 290 he can't
call this is call congratulations ace
I've got to push pushed on 880 he can't
call this didn't think so expert call
expert bet you when to put pressure on
you pretty cool i'm not going to show
because then i done here show expert
block that he knows it's been blocked
10-4 off so you've gotta push 50 he'll
probably just call it and i'll probably
hit two pair nice going fog because he's
shit it's hard being a poker prodigy it
is alright for 830 ties this is premium
hand and have to raise 180 he might push
on in get up to cool yeah this arrays
walk is on its arrays well there go hit
top second pair go have to push him all
in for 120 cuz i've got the best hand
what can i do i have to he's got
probably like ace jack or something on a
night i probably his King ice king is
his ace oh fucking what a joke this is
funny it's not even funny actually this
is a joke told you I get Egyptian in for
how long 20 20 seconds I think I took
probably 40 seconds longer than I said I
would fall right again premium hand have
to call have to rise for a king to Queen
to 10 he can't call her eyes on this
fucking horses he has to fold this 3
20's to fuck yes fuck you can't call it
no I'm fucking fold come on after folk
he got lucky he got lucky probably at a
ski or something sucked out on me hmm
Jack Queen rise to 200 he'll call his
loser he won't call this isn't you he
doesn't know how could I am told you
know look at that he's probably got a
heart I'm gonna push morning he's going
to call probably hope to get lucky let's
see this they couldn't call no I'm go
I'm not going to waste time with this
joker probably got off his chips he want
a few back so what I'll get this guy's
chips King to instant call instant raise
even I'm going to raise it to where the
slider lands is where it's going to be a
1600 yeah that looked about right so
what felt good mmm he might suck out on
me with like a squint as my King ace
he's ace no no it doesn't because he's
an idiot or loser so just straight-up
dominate man I didn't fuck around when
it comes to poker people going to make a
living off this shit no that's what I do
straight up every day a week seven days
a week clean for out the day going to
raise 273 ate premium and once again
he's gonna raise up cool slow play check
salut playing a premium hair have to
sleep late I'm going to call him cut the
call
this a joke is this a joke oh my god is
a fucking joke